Roborigger is a rotation control device used in lifting operations. The whole project was completed in close collaboration with team members, as we worked together to develop a software platform that not only aggregates and presents operational data of the Roborriger units, but also identifies anomalies and faults in an easily accessible and intuitive way, thus enabling internal Roborigger personnel and the on-site service agents working with Roborrigger units to diagnose issues and make initial recommendations in a more timely and efficient manner.

One of my parts is to take charge of the preliminary data cleaning and data parsing. According to the data provided by Roborigger, the data of just one Roborriger unit is already very large. Prior to anomaly detection, I parse and clean the data to screen out data that is unimportant or useless. I have selected a log file – “2023.04.05-13.34.10.csv” provided by Roborriger as an example to parse and clean. I assessed the importance of the data column based on the information listed in the health check report generated by Roborriger's existing health check system (This report is an internal Roborigger document, so I didn't put it here). Then, I used the Pandas library in Python to process these data: I created a new DataFrame to store the important columns that I screened out based on the health check report, and to group data of the same category together for easier categorization in subsequent steps (e.g., 'GPS Satellites', 'GPS Latitude', 'GPS Longitude' and 'GPS Altitude' are in the same category). Next, a further filter is performed on the new DataFrame: rows containing missing values are removed. These operations can be viewed in "cleaned.data.py".

Based on the data processed through the previous steps, then I reorganized them into a dictionary structure for further processing. Dictionary structure allows data to be accessed and managed based on its data category and column names. These can be viewed in "dataParsing_Cleaning.py". 

Another part I am responsible for is converting fault codes into human-readable information and merging the filtered data with fault information based on the fault codes. First, the function reads the input CSV file containing the data to be processed and the CSV file containing the fault information. Then, it filters out non-empty and non-zero values from the "Sevcon Fault" column in the input data and converts the decimal Sevcon Fault codes into hexadecimal. The function performs a left join on the two DataFrames to associate the Sevcon Fault codes with the fault information. Finally, it extracts and returns specific columns from the merged DataFrame, including "System Time," "Sevcon Fault," "Type," "Message," "Description," and "Recommended Action." Based on the returned information, Roborigger staff can promptly diagnose device issues and see the proposed solutions. These can be viewed in "Faulty_Code.py". 
